Sensor sampler pm (#5753)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

* :ref:`caf_power_manager` documentation page with the state transition diagram.
* The power management support in modules is now enabled by default when the :kconfig:`CONFIG_CAF_PM_EVENTS` Kconfig option is enabled.
* The :ref:`caf_power_manager` now has a dependency on :kconfig:`CONFIG_PM_POLICY_APP`, which is required by the application that is using the :ref:`caf_power_manager` to link.

> * Extending the functinality of the :ref:`caf_sensor_sampler`with passive and active power management.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Extended the functionality of the :ref:`caf_sensor_sampler` with passive and active power management.
```
